docs: include tsh install in connect your client tsh page (#26132)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/connect-your-client/tsh.mdx

## Installing tsh

> Follow install instructions to obtain the `tsh` binary. Install

Reviewer: Is there an easy way for end users to determine the major version of the Teleport cluster (e.g., `/webapi/ping`)? 

The instructions below also don't allow the user to select a version. Maybe turn the version within `install-tsh.mdx` into a parameter and, in this inclusion, use a `Var` component for the value of the parameter?

Reviewer 2: `tsh version` will show the version of the connected proxy, as long as `--client-only` isn't specified.

Author: WE can add a expandable option to get their current version

Author: Please see update @ptgott

> Follow install instructions to obtain the `tsh` binary. Ideally, install

Reviewer: What does "Ideally" mean here? If this is intended to imply that sometimes it's okay for `tsh` to not have the same version as the one used in your Teleport cluster, I think we should be explicit about when that is.

Author: Please see update.

## Installing tsh

> Follow install instructions to obtain the `tsh` binary. Install
> `tsh` of the same major version as the version used in your
> Teleport cluster. 
> <Details title="Finding your Teleport cluster version number">
> To find the version number you can get it from:
> - In the Web UI select user name in the upper right, then Help & Support.
>   The Teleport Version and other information will show.
> - Retrieve from the Teleport cluster using `curl` and `jq`. Replace the variable
>   with your proxy address (e.g. mytenant.teleport.sh for Teleport cloud).
>   ```code
>   $ curl https://<Var name="teleport.example.com" />/webapi/find | jq '.server_version'
>   "(=teleport.version=)"
>   ```
> </Details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to install the `tsh` binary. 

We recommend installing
`tsh` of the same major version as the version used in your
Teleport cluster. 

To find the version number, either:
- In the Web UI, select your username in the upper right, then click **Help & Support**. You will see the version of your Teleport cluster.
- Use `curl` and `jq`. Replace <Var name="teleport.example.com" />
  with your Proxy Service address (e.g. `mytenant.teleport.sh` for Teleport Enterprise Cloud):
  
  ```code
  $ curl https://<Var name="teleport.example.com" />/webapi/find | jq '.server_version'
  "(=teleport.version=)"
  ```
```
Various readability suggestions. I also think all users will benefit from the instructions within the `Details` box, so we can make it part of the main body text.

end of session playback
```

## Uninstalling tsh

> If you installed on MacOS with `brew` run `brew uninstall teleport`.  

Reviewer: I'm not sure we want to be highlighting the presence of the unsupported Homebrew package.
